tiramisu layer cake

 Ingredients

   CAKE:

        1 (18.25 ounce) package moist white cake mix
        1 teaspoon instant coffee powder
        ¼ cup coffee
        1 tablespoon coffee flavored liqueur

   FILLING:

        1 (8 ounce) container mascarpone cheese
        ½ cup confectioners' sugar
        2 tablespoons coffee flavored liqueur

   FROSTING:

        2 cups heavy cream
        ¼ cup confectioners' sugar
        2 tablespoons coffee flavored liqueur

   GARNISH:

        2 tablespoons unsweetened cocoa powder
        1 (1 ounce) square semisweet chocolate

Directions
        Step 1
       Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit  (175 degrees Celsius ). Grease and flour 3
       (9 inch) pans.
        Step 2
       Prepare the cake mix according to package directions. Divide two
       thirds of batter between 2 pans. Stir instant coffee into remaining
       batter; pour into remaining pan.
        Step 3
       Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until a
       toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean. Let
       cool in pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool
       completely. In a measuring cup, combine brewed coffee and 1
       tablespoon coffee liqueur; set aside.
        Step 4
       To make the filling: In a small bowl, using an electric mixer set
       on low speed, combine mascarpone, 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar and
       2 tablespoons coffee liqueur; beat just until smooth. Cover with
       plastic wrap and refrigerate.
        Step 5
       To make the frosting: In a medium bowl, using an electric mixer set
       on medium-high speed, beat the cream, 1/4 cup confectioners' sugar
       and 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur until stiff. Fold 1/2 cup of cream
       mixture into filling mixture.
        Step 6
       To assemble the cake: Place one plain cake layer on a serving
       plate. Using a thin skewer, poke holes in cake, about 1 inch apart.
       Pour one third of reserved coffee mixture over cake, then spread
       with half of the filling mixture. Top with coffee-flavored cake
       layer; poke holes in cake. Pour another third of the coffee mixture
       over the second layer and spread with the remaining filling. Top
       with remaining cake layer; poke holes in cake. Pour remaining
       coffee mixture on top. Spread sides and top of cake with frosting.
       Place cocoa in a sieve and lightly dust top of cake. Garnish with
       chocolate curls. Refrigerate at least 30 minutes before serving.
        Step 7
       To make the chocolate curls, use a vegetable peeler and run it down
       the edge of the chocolate bar.


